initial_area

west to collapsed_chamber
north to furnace room
east to path_room

      You awaken in a sullen chamber with dim light overhead. You cannot remember how you got here but the stench of death
      fills your nostrils, you begin to dry reach. "Get a hold of yourself lawrence," you say. There must be an explanation.
      Things like this don't happen to good people. Especially not the founder of non for profit industries the world's largest
      grossing charity. From starving African babies, to abortion clinics, to drug help and so on. Time to escape, Time to move
      as you grow the courage to explore the chamber, you hear faint screams from a distance.

      You scan the dimly lit room and you eye a collapsed wall to the east that is small enough for you to crawl through.
      To the north is a archway with a nice looking cobblestone path it looks much safer than the east.
      To the west a studded metal door is swung ajar, you can enter through the door but you are weary of the entrance as you can
      hear the roar of a fire in the distance.

collapsed chamber

Torch off:
You can't see anything!

Torch on:
As you scan your torch from left to right you realise you're in the middle of a huge exogorth nest. Those smelly exogorths sure have been
busy digging! Its ok though, the nest is abandoned, phew! But what a state! There's faecal matter everywhere! You better get the heck out
of here before you catch a nasty case of pink eye.
Item: Exogorth faeces

furnace_room

path_room



death states: 7

middle death state: firing range

a never ending pit:

 You fall into a pit and died of starvation. Your body is still falling however and will never get a proper
 burial. Shame.

sweat shop: forced to sew forever

 There's a lot of people crammed in here and the mood is tense. Angry henchmen come and take you to
 a workstation. It has everything you need! The seat is a toilet, there is a straw delivering water
 straight to your mouth and an industrial sewing machine with needles that wont break! Just what you
 always wanted! You're strapped into the chair and whipped repetedly until you begin to sew. Wow,
 not a career you had imagined eh? YOU DIED OF RSI!
 
